Wireless communication refers to the transfer of information among two or more points without an electrical conductor.
In the present days, the wireless communication system has become an essential part of various types of wireless communication devices, that permits the user to communicate even from remote operated areas.
The main advantage of wireless communication is mobility. This kind of communication provides flexibility and very easy to use excepting mobility.
At present, the usage of mobiles has been increased for different requirements like the internet, talking, multimedia, gaming, photos, video capturing, etc. All these services are available on mobile. Using wireless communication services, we can transfer data, voice, images, videos, and many more.
The simple wireless communication system is one-way communication. In this type, the communication can be done in one direction only. 
There are differnt types of wireless communications.They are 1.Satellite Communication,Broadcast Radio,Microwave Communication,Mobile Communication Systems,Global Positioning System (GPS),Paging etc.
Satellite communication is one type of self-contained wireless communication technology, it is widely spread all over the world to allow users to stay connected almost anywhere on the earth.
The first wireless communication technology is open radio communication to seek out widespread use, and it still serves a purpose nowadays.
Microwave wireless communication is an effective type of communication, mainly this transmission uses radio waves, and the wavelengths of radio waves are measured in centimeters.
In this communication, the data or information can be transfers using two methods. One is the satellite method and another one is a terrestrial method.
The advancement of mobile networks is enumerated by generations. Many users communicate across a single frequency band through mobile phones.
In satellite communication, GPS or global positioning system is a subcategory. This kind of system is used to help by providing different wireless services such as speed, location, navigation, positioning using satellites, and GPS receivers. 
A paging system allows one-way communication to a huge audience. Apart from the broadcast source, this kind of paging system allows the speaker to give clear, amplified commands throughout a capacity. 


